County Chief, take a look at what the report says
Grandma my dad
This is the second time I have vomited blood for no reason
Look quickly
That's impossible.
This physical examination
The results on the report are exactly the same as last time
The old man is very healthy
Are you dim-eyed?
Don't let me see
It's exactly the same as last time.
Ah broken hospital
I can't even find the reason for vomiting blood
Sister, this is Marase from the First Hospital
Let's transfer our mother to a hospital next.
Not for this hospital, let's transfer
Everything in our hospital is state-of-the-art
No matter which hospital you are transferred to
The result obtained
or
Same as the second report made by our hospital
Or better than our hospital
sister
Transfer it to us. Okay.
everyone
The report shows that Mr. Ma is in good health
What the hell is going on?
Oh, I see.
It must be that bastard from supper.
Maybe he has sorcery.